add DJL Serving examples (#223)
deepjavalibrary/djl-demo: djl-serving/binary-mode/README.md

# DJLServing: Binary mode

Binary mode just required the model file placed in a folder.

## Run our example

### Step 1: Download the model

```
mkdir resnet18 && cd resnet18
curl https://resources.djl.ai/test-models/traced_resnet18.pt -o resnet18.pt
```

### Step 2: Start model server

Under the current folder, just run with the endpoint, assume my endpoint name is `resnet`. The model we used is a PyTorch resnet18 model, then we add the name PyTorch in the instructions.

```
djl-serving -m resnet::PyTorch=file://$PWD/resnet18
```

### Step 3: Run inference

> DJLServing in binary mode currently accepting NDList/Numpy (npz) encoding model. The returned data is always falls into NDList encoding. You can run the inference.py to see how it interact with the server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DJLServing in binary mode currently accepting NDList/Numpy (.npz) encoded input data. The returned data is always falls into NDList encoding.

You can use DJL API to create `NDList` and serialize the `NDList` to bytes as the input.

# download a sample ndlist encoded data
curl -O https://resources.djl.ai/benchmark/inputs/ones_1_3_224_224.ndlist
curl -X POST "http://127.0.0.1:8080/predictions/resnet" \
    -T "ones_1_3_224_224.ndlist" \
    -H "Content-type: tensor/ndlist"

You can also run the `inference.py` to see how it interact with the server in python:
```

# DJLServing: Binary mode

Binary mode just required the model file placed in a folder.

## Run our example

### Step 1: Download the model

```
mkdir resnet18 && cd resnet18
curl https://resources.djl.ai/test-models/traced_resnet18.pt -o resnet18.pt
```

### Step 2: Start model server

Under the current folder, just run with the endpoint, assume my endpoint name is `resnet`. The model we used is a PyTorch resnet18 model, then we add the name PyTorch in the instructions.

```
djl-serving -m resnet::PyTorch=file://$PWD/resnet18
```

### Step 3: Run inference

DJLServing in binary mode currently accepting NDList/Numpy (.npz) encoded input data. The returned data is always falls into NDList encoding.

You can use DJL API to create `NDList` and serialize the `NDList` to bytes as the input.

> 

Reviewer: the following section should be code block
